fix(clerk-js,types): Disable fields for SAML only if there is an acti… (#1326)
clerkinc/javascript: .changeset/cyan-garlics-act.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-js': patch
'@clerk/types': patch
---

> Disable fields for SAML only if there is an active connection

Reviewer: Since this is supposed to be read by our customers, shall we reuse part of the PR description? 

```suggestion
Password, first name & last name will only be disabled if there are active SAML connections.
```

Author: Sure
